Uncle Wang: We didn’t want to make a big deal about this matter, but we didn’t know about it like the Empress Dowager Nian did.
Yun Linlong is right, how could the Queen Mother know about this?
That's fine with you.
It's fine that the second brother is fine. It's just that the second brother is so rich on May Day.
I don’t know who will hurt my second brother. Thank you for your concern, Your Majesty.
I am still investigating this matter.
My mouth is rather harsh at the moment, but,
Starting from their family members, I believe we will soon know the truth of the matter.
The king still has to deal with this matter as a woman.
The prince was injured because he was trying to save his daughter.
My daughter, please deal with the prince and your sister.
Before you know you are always always always with you
It’s just that it’s being spread outside now
clarity and sleepiness
I still want to take off, Your Majesty
King Chen Yu is also innocent
Emperor Jing ascends to the Ming Dynasty
Yes, Your Majesty
My home is Qingcheng
Never do this
Shameless
I really know I have to read it again
As long as politics comes
It's enough that you are innocent
I want to force my second brother and second sister-in-law
You won't mind. Thank you, Your Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty.
Continue to add tests
Please tell me about the room
Thank you for everything before
Thank me I didn't do anything
I don’t need to thank me either
Have you forgotten what happened before?
What is it? Miss Chen is not worth it.
Who is he?
Didn't go to the market that night?